Adding VSN Resources, datasources, and attributes (#173)
powervs-ibm/terraform-provider-ibm: website/docs/r/pi_virtual_serial_number.html.markdown

---

subcategory: "Power Systems"
layout: "ibm"
page_title: "IBM: pi_virtual_serial_number"
description: |-

>   Manages an EXISTING virtual serial number in IBM Power

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Manages a virtual serial number in IBM Power
```

---

# ibm_pi_virtual_serial_number

> Create, Get, update or delete an existing virtual serial number.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create, Get, update or delete an existing virtual serial number.
```
the capitalization here's bit weird

## Example usage

> The following example enables you to create a shared processor pool placement group with a group policy of affinity:

Reviewer: We can update this description.

```terraform
resource "ibm_pi_virtual_serial_number" "testacc_virtual_serial_number" {
  pi_serial            = "<existing virtual serial number>"
  pi_cloud_instance_id = "<value of the cloud_instance_id>"
  pi_description       = "<desired description for virtual serial number>"
}
```

> **Note**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Notes
```

> * Please find [supported Regions](https://cloud.ibm.com/apidocs/power-cloud#endpoint) for endpoints.

Reviewer 2: Replace stars with dashes.

```suggestion
- Please find [supported Regions](https://cloud.ibm.com/apidocs/power-cloud#endpoint) for endpoints.
```

This wasn't flagged as linting error by the markdown linter?

Author: Fixed

* If a Power cloud instance is provisioned at `lon04`, The provider level attributes should be as follows:
  * `region` - `lon`
  * `zone` - `lon04`
  
  Example usage:

  ```terraform
    provider "ibm" {
      region    =   "lon"
      zone      =   "lon04"
    }
  ```

**Note**

> * This resource CANNOT create a virtual serial number unless assigning to a power instance using 'auto-assign'. Otherwise, it can only be used to manage an existing virtual serial number.

Reviewer: We can now create with this resource.

Author: Updated wording. Please comment if there is still any issues.

## Timeouts

ibm_pi_virtual_serial_number provides the following [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/language/resources/syntax.html) configuration options:

> - **create** - (Default 45 minutes) Used for getting an existing virtual serial number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **create** - (Default 45 minutes) Used for creating an existing virtual serial number.
```

- **update** - (Default 45 minutes) Used for updating a virtual serial number.
- **delete** - (Default 45 minutes) Used for deleting a reserved virtual serial number.

> 

Reviewer: The existing language can be updated now.

Author: I have it because you can specify an existing virtual serial number. If not assigning to an instance, you cannot create one. That is why I have it in there.

Reviewer: Line 46:  Is what I was referring to, the Note is fine.
```suggestion

**Note**
- This resource is used to create a virtual serial number by assigning to a power instance using 'auto-assign'. Otherwise, it can only be used to manage an existing virtual serial number.

## Timeouts

ibm_pi_virtual_serial_number provides the following [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/language/resources/syntax.html) configuration options:

- **create** - (Default 45 minutes) Used for creating a virtual serial number.
- **update** - (Default 45 minutes) Used for updating a virtual serial number.
- **delete** - (Default 45 minutes) Used for deleting a reserved virtual serial number.

```

> ## Argument reference

Reviewer 2: Doesn't the linter complain about the lack of newlines here? It does for me on other files that haven't been updated yet.

Author: It did not for me

Review the argument references that you can specify for your resource. 

- `pi_cloud_instance_id` - (Required, String) The GUID of the service instance associated with an account. 
- `pi_description` - (Optional, String) Desired description for virtual serial number. Cannot set description back to empty once set.
- `pi_instance_id` - (Optional, String) Power instance ID to assign created or existing virtual serial number to.
- `pi_retain_virtual_serial_number` - (Optional, Boolean) Indicates whether to reserve or delete virtual serial number when detached from power instance during delete. Required with `pi_instance_id`.
- `pi_serial` - (Required, String) Virtual serial number of existing serial. Cannot use 'auto-assign' unless `pi_instance_id` is specified.

    ~> **Note** When set to "auto-assign" in the configuration, changes to `pi_serial` outside of terraform will not be detected. 

## Attribute reference
 In addition to all argument reference list, you can access the following attribute reference after your resource is created.

> - `id` - (String) The unique identifier of the virtual serial number. Composed of `<cloud instance id>/<virtual serial number>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `id` - (String) The unique identifier of the virtual serial number. Composed of `<cloud_instance_id>/<virtual_serial_number>`
```

## Import

The `ibm_virtual_serial_number` resource can be imported by using `pi_cloud_instance_id` and `serial`.

> **Example**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Example
```

---

> 

Reviewer 2: extra space

subcategory: "Power Systems"
layout: "ibm"
page_title: "IBM: pi_virtual_serial_number"
description: |-
  Manages a virtual serial number in IBM Power
---

# ibm_pi_virtual_serial_number

Create, get, update or delete an existing virtual serial number.

## Example usage

The following example enables you to create a virtual serial number:

```terraform
resource "ibm_pi_virtual_serial_number" "testacc_virtual_serial_number" {
  pi_serial            = "<existing virtual serial number>"
  pi_cloud_instance_id = "<value of the cloud_instance_id>"
  pi_description       = "<desired description for virtual serial number>"
}
```

### Notes

- Please find [supported Regions](https://cloud.ibm.com/apidocs/power-cloud#endpoint) for endpoints.
- If a Power cloud instance is provisioned at `lon04`, The provider level attributes should be as follows:
  - `region` - `lon`
  - `zone` - `lon04`
  

>   Example usage:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Example usage:
```
